[Fix #215] Add versioning stragety rules (#217)
datarockets/datarockets-style: RELEASING.md

* Announce the new release,
   making sure to say "thank you" to the contributors
   who helped shape this version!

## Versioning stragety

> As versioning stragety, we're using SemVer: `MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`

Reviewer: Oops - another one:
```suggestion
As versioning strategy, we're using SemVer: `MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`
```

> A `MAJOR` vesrion must be incremented if there are any backward-incompatible breaking changes included in a release. This has the benefit of making it easy for anyone to quickly identify if a new version will work differently than a previous one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `MAJOR` version must be incremented if there are any backward-incompatible breaking changes included in a release. This has the benefit of making it easy for anyone to quickly identify if a new version will work differently than a previous one.
```

> Usually, we'll incremented it on updating major versions of rubocop dependecies. Ideally, it should be synchronize with major verion of `rubocop`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, we'll increment it on updating major versions of rubocop dependencies. Ideally, it should be synchronized with the major verion of `rubocop`.
```

> The `MINOR` version must be incremented if there are backward-compatible functionality is introduced. In the strictest sense, this means you should be able to upgrade to a new minor version without experiencing any breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MINOR` version must be incremented if backward-compatible functionality is introduced. In the strictest sense, this means you should be able to upgrade to a new minor version without experiencing any breaking changes.
```

> Usually, we'll incremented it on changing list of cops, updating minor versions of dependencie.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, we'll increment it on changing the list of cops, updating minor versions of dependencies.
```

The `PATCH` version is meant for backward-compatible bug fixes. You should expect no new functionality with a new patch version, only improvements.

> Usually, we'll use it for updating pathc version of depencies or fixing bugs of the last version. Change rules of cops in most cases should be added to minor version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, we'll use it for updating patch versions of dependencies or fixing bugs of the last version. Changed rules of cops in most cases should be added to minor version.
```
